I suspect you are Gu Zhenting
And then I found out that you are not
No, definitely not.
I am just an ordinary migrant worker who moves bricks on a construction site
How could he be the richest man in Haicheng?
I just look like Gu Zhengting
Daddy Doudou
I can accept that you are anyone
But it can't be Gu Zhengting alone
How could I possibly be the richest man in Haicheng?
That's true.
Zaizai
I have a reason
No matter how much trouble you have
You shouldn't treat me like a toy
How lucky I thought I was
I met someone who loves me so much
I didn't expect you to be a liar.
Gu Zhengting, I hate you
Mommy, don't let Daddy go
I proved to him that he is sincere to you
Doudou, who made you shout like that?
Jiang Xue is your mommy
He's not he's a bad woman
aunt
This woman is obsessed with her brother
Now even Doudou is bewitched by him
No need for me as a mother
Auntie, you must call the shots for me!
You shameless woman
Robbing other people's boyfriends and robbing other people's children
So shameless